c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\bin\Debug\ChatClient.App.exe.config
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\ChatClient.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\ChatClientWindow.baml
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.baml
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\ChatClientWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\ChatClient.App_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\ChatClient.App.g.resources
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\ChatClient.App.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\ChatClient.App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\bin\Debug\ChatClient.App.exe
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\bin\Debug\ChatClient.App.pdb
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\bin\Debug\ChatClient.Data.dll
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\bin\Debug\ChatClient.Data.pdb
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\ChatClient.App.exe
C:\Users\vesel_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChatClient\ChatClient.App\obj\Debug\ChatClient.App.pdb
